the next subject we're going to talk
about our blues study is left hand
patterns we're gonna go over five
patterns that I found very useful over
the course of my career let's get
started
left-hand batter number four um this
particular pattern is interesting is
because for the first three patterns
we've done really to beat patterns
whereas we had it started over again
after two beats for example here's
pattern number three we have it starts
over again okay
now this pattern this is actually a very
cool pattern okay it's a full bar
patterns full bar four here it goes
start start
okay let's take a look at this all right
so the way we started almost all the
pattern so far
very similar to pattern number three
that one is very similar pattern number
two so we're going to see em G twice
you flat
seem gc8 twice
okay cool let's take a listen this or on
all 12 bars now
March 12
you